GDPR Compliance

Because we do not collect or determine the use of any Personal Data
contained in the Client Data and because it does not determine the
purposes for which such Personal Data is collected, the means of
collecting such Personal Data, or the uses of such Personal Data, We are
not acting in the capacity of data controller in terms of the European
Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679,
hereinafter “GDPR”) and does not have the associated responsibilities
under the GDPR.

How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services :
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/

Surely the privacy to be important for us to protect. As our efforts in
protecting your privacy, we will offer an explanation of the information
practices on the internet and you have the option to describe how you in
accumulating information and how you would use it. In our efforts to
make this page easier to find, we place this page on the home page
website which allows a wide range of personal information will be
requested for special purposes with your consent in full. For example
your name, address, email, phone number. The action we are asking for
your personal data we do not mean to criminals, but only if you do want
to take advantage of our features to its full potential.

Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will
identify the purposes for which information is being collected.\
 We will collect and use of personal information solely with the
objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other
compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual
concerned or as required by law.\
 We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the
fulfillment of those purposes.\
 We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and,
where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual
concerned.\
 Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be
used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be
accurate, complete, and up-to-date.\
 We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards
against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure,
copying, use or modification.\
 We will make readily available to customers information about our
policies and practices relating to the management of personal
information.\
 We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these
principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal
information is protected and maintained.\
 Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie\
 Vendors who use cookies to serve ads on this website is Google. Google
as a third party ad vendors allowing them in the granting of ads to site
visitors of Trends Fashion Daily that come back again against the
visitors who had promised to this website and other websites. And keep
in mind that we do not associate the cookies or anonymous identifier by
category relating to race, sexual orientation, politics, and religion.
We also will not combine personal information with DoubleClick’s Cookie
information, unless we obtain the consent of you.

Collection of Personal Information\
 When you visit the site of beansalad.netlify.app this internet IP address
used will be stored and reused as you will access the site by logging
combined with time, as well as of press time for accessing this site.
Details like this technique eventually used to be pure to analyze
trends, release website, monitor the movement of visitors on the site as
well as a very extensive market information for personal use. But again
I emphasize, that the most important is the IP address that is recorded
will not be dealt with personally identifiable information.

Information Security\
 We work hard to protect you and other visitors from unauthorized access
or alteration, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure of the
information we hold.

Changes to this Privacy Statement\
 Some contents of this statement could have been us change it at any
time to change to a better direction without informing you if there will
be changes before. When there are things to do about basedomain
site, it may be a privacy policy or perhaps other questions do not
hesitate to Contact Us.

Disclaimer\
 All content images within our website are images that we take from
various sources that we believe as “public domain”. Therefore all
content images we display pure just to complement information from the
picture we uploaded without any intent to we sell-buy, in violation of
copyright or intellectual property rights, and a valid artistic. For
those of you who feel as the legitimate owners of one of the images we
display and didn’t want us displaying images valid belongs to you,
please contact us through the “Contact Us” page and send us an email to
follow up, be it delete images belong to you, or maybe you’ll give us
maturity date where we can display content images. All content images
that we display we only use properly without any intention of us to gain
financially from one image or as a whole. And consciously anyway that
the privacy policy on the website of the basedomain have a little
difference from the other website. Thank you.